{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18320\viewh17180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
Readme\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone 	\
	v002 Glitch is a set of plugins that revolve around creating genuine video glitches, or emulating glitch aesthetics.\
\
	Generators / Providers:\
\
		v002 Glitch File Reader:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 			Interpret arbitrary files as RGB or Greyscale "movie" data. Play through the file, select output resolution. Threaded file reading for speed.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0  \
		v002 Glitch FBO:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 			Generate and animate through pools of frame buffer objects to generate bit-glitch on the GPU. Choose between texture formats for specific looks, patterns and colors. Will vary based on installed graphics card and drivers. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
		v002 Glitch Core Video:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 			Generate and animate through pools of Core Video OpenGL Buffers to generate bit-glitch on the GPU.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\
	Effects / Processors:\
\
		v002 Glitch 525:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 			Display faux video signal information normally outside of the raster; emulates color burst, h/v sync, timecode, flyback, closed captioning, etc. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 		\
		v002 Glitch Analog:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li2160\fi-2160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 			Emulates classic analog video interference, distortion and sync issues.\
\
		v002 Glitch FBO Texture:\
			Re-interpret input image by changing its internal texture format representation. Results in artifacts. Working texture targets and visual output will vary based on installed graphics card and drivers. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://002.vade.info"}}{\fldrslt http://002.vade.info}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Copyright vade - Anton Marini, bangnoise - Tom Butterworth\
	Creative Commons, Attribution - Non Commercial - Share Alike 3.0\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/"}}{\fldrslt http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/}}\
\
	See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://002.vade.info/?page_id=14"}}{\fldrslt http://002.vade.info/?page_id=14}} for licensing details.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Requirements:\
	\
	
\b0 \ulnone Mac OS X 10.6 (Quartz Composer 4.0) or 10.5 (Quartz Composer 3.0)\
	Apple Developer Tools installed (for Quartz Composer editor)
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Installation:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone 	\
	If you had it installed, remove v002AnalogGlitch.plugin, as this plugin replaces it (check /Library/Graphics/Quartz Composer PlugIns/ and Library/Graphics/Quartz Composer PlugIns/ in your home directory).\
\
	Drag the plugin to your /Library/Graphics/Quartz Composer PlugIns/ folder. (or to your ~/Library/...)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul \
	
\b0 \ulnone For VDMX users who want to use the supplied qcFX, you can find them in the "Examples" Folder under 'For VDMX'.\
	\
	To install the qcFx:\
	1)	Drag the provided VDMX qcFX (qt. files) to your qcFX folder (located in ~/Application Support/VDMX/qcFX/).\
	2)	Launch VDMX, you can find the qcFX in the Quartz Composer section of the Effects Panel\
	3)	Drag the qcFX on to a layer to add the effect to an effect chain like any other effect.\

\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	\ulnone For CoGe users who want to use the supplied Player and Effects, you can find them in the "Examples" folder under "For CoGe".
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Changelog:\
\
	
\b0 \ulnone 2.2	- Bug fixes.\
	\
	2.1 	- Bug fixes (no public release).\
	\
	2.0 	- Mac OS X 10.6 / QC 4.0 compatibility release.
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone 	Beta 1 	- Initial release			\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}